feat: Implement typing indicator theme-v2 #95 (#130)
GetStream/stream-chat-css: docs/theming/component-variables.mdx

## Typing indicator

| Name                                                | Description                                                   |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--str-chat__typing-indicator-font-family`          | The font used in the component                                |
| `--str-chat__typing-indicator-color`                | The text/icon color of the component                          |
| `--str-chat__typing-indicator-background-color`     | The background color of the component                         |
| `--str-chat__typing-indicator-border-radius`        | The border radius used for the borders of the component       |
| `--str-chat__typing-indicator-border-block-start`   | Top border of the component                                   |
| `--str-chat__typing-indicator-border-block-end`     | Bottom border of the component                                |
| `--str-chat__typing-indicator-border-inline-start`  | Left (right in RTL layout) border of the component            |

> | `--str-chat__typing-indicator-border-inline-start`  | Right (lrft in RTL layout) border of the component            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--str-chat__typing-indicator-border-inline-end`  | Right (left in RTL layout) border of the component            |
```

Author: Will fix this after the ongoing PRs merged into theming-v2
